README.md, before:

# govuk-content-quality-metrics
Prototype of API for content quality metrics based on retext

## Usage

Make a POST request with "Content-Type" : "application/json" to.

https://govuk-content-quality-metrics.cloudapps.digital/metrics

## Testing

Specs are written using mocha/chai/chaiHttp.

you can install mocha with

```
npm install --global mocha
```

Then you can use:

```
mocha ./**/*.spec.js -w
```

to watch the tests and run them on any changes.

## Deploying the app

This application is hosted using GOV.UK Platform as a Service (PAAS).

In order to deploy new versions of this app you will need a PAAS account, which you can
request by emailing gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk, and to have installed
the [Cloud Foundry CLI](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cli#downloads).

When you have made changes and wish to deploy them simply run `cf push govuk-content-quality-metrics`
from the top level of the directory which contains all the code and configuration files.

For more information please see the [PAAS docs](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/#technical-documentation-for-gov-uk-paas)

## TODO

* check if this fits in with the govuk guidelines on node apps.

Commit message:

Remove the details from the returned payload.
We have been getting a Payload Too Large error when
posting a large amount of text to the quality metrics
service.

This is due to returning the details of each quality error
in the response. We don't make use of this level of detail.

This commit removes the 'messages' array from the response
so the response is now in the following format:

{
  "readability": 2,
  "passive": 1,
  "repeated_words": 3,
  and so on...
}

README.md, after:

# govuk-content-quality-metrics
Prototype of API for content quality metrics based on retext

## Usage

Make a POST request with "Content-Type" : "application/json" to.

https://govuk-content-quality-metrics.cloudapps.digital/metrics

The posted body should have the format:

```
{"content": "the text content goes here. and another sentence"}
```

## Testing

Specs are written using mocha/chai/chaiHttp.

you can install mocha with

```
npm install --global mocha
```

Then you can use:

```
mocha ./**/*.spec.js -w
```

to watch the tests and run them on any changes.

## Deploying the app

This application is hosted using GOV.UK Platform as a Service (PAAS).

In order to deploy new versions of this app you will need a PAAS account, which you can
request by emailing gov-uk-paas-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk, and to have installed
the [Cloud Foundry CLI](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cli#downloads).

When you have made changes and wish to deploy them simply run `cf push govuk-content-quality-metrics`
from the top level of the directory which contains all the code and configuration files.

For more information please see the [PAAS docs](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/#technical-documentation-for-gov-uk-paas)

## TODO

* check if this fits in with the govuk guidelines on node apps.
